How dare you hit me?
You should be glad you are a girl
Otherwise, it's not Wanwan's hands
Apologize to my daughter quickly
I apologize to her.
You dream
Hey, uncle, I slapped him in the face
Did you hit him like that?
You're done.
Wait for my boyfriend to come over
How dare you hit me on his turf
You all wait for me when he comes
After he came here, I
You're all doomed.
Dad, let's go first
If you hit someone, you want to walk
Don't worry, it's alright.
That's right, he had the heart first
Uncle is so powerful, what are you afraid of?
Awesome, I forgot your dad is a punk
You're pretty good at fighting, aren't you?
It's useful to fight
Do you know who covers our car dealership?
It is one of the four King Kong under Tiger Lord
Mage
You are a fool on the road anyway
You should have heard of Daming of the Four King Kong
Do it here
8 lives are not enough for you to die
Who dares to make trouble here?